# Tips, tricks and shortcuts

Discover shortcuts and tricks that boost efficiency and maximize your output.

## Jigx Builder shortcuts

<table><thead><tr><th width="235.0390625">Shortcuts</th><th width="233.90625">Mac</th><th>Windows</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Publish all files in Jigx solution</td><td>⌘R⌘R</td><td>Alt+R Alt+R</td></tr><tr><td>Publishing an individual file is useful if multiple developers work on the same solution. You only want to publish your changes. Note index.jigx, is a shared file that people all work on, so the last one updated on the server gets published.</td><td>⌘R⌘F</td><td>Alt+R Alt+F</td></tr><tr><td>Invoke IntelliSense</td><td>Ctrl+space</td><td>Ctrl+space</td></tr><tr><td>Quick Fix</td><td>⌘+.</td><td>Ctrl+.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>F12 or ⌘+click</td><td>F12 or Ctrl+click</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>shift+F12 F12</td><td>shift+F12 F12</td></tr><tr><td>The swagger parser function</td><td>⌘ + shift + p <code>Generate Jigx Functions</code></td><td>Ctrl + shift + p <code>Generate Jigx Functions</code></td></tr></tbody></table>

## What colors indicate in Jigx Builder

<table><thead><tr><th width="104.65625">Color</th><th>Description</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>white</td><td>The file is issue-free. If connected to a Git repository, the file is committed.</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:red;">red</mark></td><td>The file has validation issues/errors/deprecated properties that must be fixed. The number of issues is shown by a red number on the right of the file name in the sidebar.</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:yellow;">yellow</mark></td><td>This means the file is connected to a Git repository and is modified; the letter M displays on the right of the file name in the sidebar. YAML is squiggled in yellow to show deprecated properties, hover over the YAML to see the expected property.</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:green;">green</mark></td><td>Indicates a new file has been created but not committed to the Git repository yet.</td></tr><tr><td><mark style="color:blue;">blue</mark></td><td>Indicates the active screen on the mobile device that you are debugging in the builder using Jigx Dev Tools.</td></tr></tbody></table>
